{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 K\'fcnstlerischer Lebenslauf\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1963 im Schwarzwald als Sohn eines Schauspielers und einer Ballettt\'e4nzerin geboren. Studierte\'a0Kunst & Gestaltung an der Fachhochschule f\'fcr Gestaltung in Pforzheim\'a0u.A. bei Prof. Peter Jacobi sowie an der University of Illinois at Chicago. Zun\'e4chst\'a0als Grafik-Designer und Art Director bei verschiedene Agenturen besch\'e4ftigt. 1999\'a0\'fcbernahm er die Leitung\'a0des Bereichs Grafik & Corporate Design bei ERCO einem international f\'fchrenden Spezialisten f\'fcr Architekturbeleuchtung. Seit 2014 als freier K\'fcnstler t\'e4tig.\
Chris lebt und arbeitet bei D\'fcsseldorf.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Artist Biography \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Born in 1963 in the Black Forest, Germany, the son of an actor and a ballet dancer. Studied Art & Design at the University of Applied Sciences in Pforzheim u.A. with Prof. Peter Jacobi and at the University of Illinois at Chicago. Initially working as a graphic designer and art director at various agencies. In 1999 he took over the management of the graphic and corporate design department at ERCO, a leading international specialist in architectural lighting. Since 2014 freelance artist.\
Chris lives and works at D\'fcsseldorf, Germany.}